Turn requiresGuarantees into a string (#3)
open-contracting-extensions/ocds_submissionTerms_extension: README.md

## Changelog

### 2020-09-29

> * Turn `requiresGuarantees` into a string, to comply with the format of DEPOSIT_GUARANTEE_REQUIRED
> * Rename `requiresGuarantees` to `depositsGuarantees`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Rename `requiresGuarantees` to `depositsGuarantees`
* Change the `type` of `depositsGuarantees` from a boolean to a string, to match the type of the corresponding XML element in TED XML Schema 2.09.

```
